Graphical Rubik's Cube

------------ GENERAL ------------

This is a simple Java applet written to demonstrate the use of some concepts from vector calculus and linear algebra.
To move the cube, click and drag the mouse.
To rotate a side click the left or right mouse button on the center piece of the side you want to rotate.

------------ SOURCE ------------

The source dependency graph can be seen in depend.png which can be generated using setup.py. The program is separated into the virtual cube that is displayed (Cube and SubCube) and the face color information (MetaCube and MetaSubCube). 

The virtual cube is defined by the 8 simple points that would contain it in a sphere (ex. (-c,-c,-c) (-c,-c,c), ...) 
The sub cubes, faces, and points are all defined in the same way. All of these points are then projected 
based on the way the user is oriented using VirtualVect. 

When the user drags the mouse, they are changing the orientation of this virtual space. So, the coordinates of the cube on the virtual axis always remain the same, the virtual axis changes with relation to the real axis via mouse drags, and
the real axis corresponds to the pixels on the screen. When painting the faces, first the cubes are ordered based on their centers, then the centers' faces are ordered by their centers and displayed.

When rotation is set into effect, the 9 sub cubes of that side are tied to a different virtual axis which slowly rotates in relation to the original virtual axis. After rotation has finished, the display cube is set back to its original state and the MetaCube is updated to reflect the changed side colors.

------------ INSTALL ------------

To run from bytecode simply run result.html in your browser with Cube.jar in the same directory.

To build from source run from a *nix environment:
python setup.py build

to clean:
python setup.py clean

To create dependency image:
python setup.py graph

Note that this image is created from the depend.dot file and not the source code itself.

